salt of the land of the Karaganda region
Artinsky's wife has always been and still is
area in economically developed and
stable rural area today
There are many industries and
Perm households life and people of the area
met the head of the region about the visit of the barge
on Abisheva in our next article
the first object of a visit to the regional akim
became a meat processing workshop and a workshop
spill koumiss partnership with
limited liability
Gin from here is our meat stew
lamb we can't realize our
products although the population’s demand is
about three thousand are stored in refrigerators
canned meat cans still in
the beginning of the year the problem of implementation of the finished
products
u comrade what did we have because of
contests free to sell goods already
may not need to participate tenders
and the competition in this market is so much
Great by our manufacturer with
environmentally friendly products difficult
akim of the region does not make it to the consumer
remained indifferent
The problem must be fixed
and sales of local products
manufacturers
do not allow stalling and idle
production required mandatory
systematic work
the head of the region also visited coal
cut the partnership sting with
limited liability 40
energy coal company with balance
stocks of 50 million tons today
is in the area one of the major
manufacturing enterprises
providing jobs for local people
The question of the head of the region did not bother
oil workers pumping stations
atosa
stock company cass trans oil
the sincere smile of specialists has become
full answer for bazhan from cheap
during the inspection of the station and the type was acetate
be interested in the year transfer scheme
standing now
the whole economy of the east has to be put here
equipment every 60 dairy plant
SEC Berger Agro today is experiencing
post-crisis period purchased and for
abroad
dairy processing equipment
products idle due to lack of
working capital akim of the region
recommended to managers berger agro in
short time to produce economic
calculations then run
uninterrupted production
aimp torah ad-din artyom kovalyov
Channel 5